Add fill.md (#6)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/text/text.md

---
Title: 'Text'

> Description: '**Text** refers to written content that consists of letters, numbers, punctuation, or symbols.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Text refers to written content that consists of letters, numbers, punctuation, or symbols.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'path/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> Text is part of many design elements: [buttons](httpps://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/buttons), menus, modals, [search fields](https://www.codecademmy.com/resources/docs/uiux/search-fields), [navigation](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/navigation), error messages, and more. With such a wide range of usages, text plays an important role in a user’s experience of a digital product. Users often rely on text to navigate a product and complete their goals. Furthermore, text can impact a user’s emotional state and shape their opinion about the product, brand, or company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text is part of many design elements such as [buttons](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/buttons), menus, modals, [search fields](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/search-fields), [navigation](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/navigation), and error messages. With such a wide range of usages, text plays an important role in a user’s experience of a digital product. Users often rely on text to navigate a product and complete their goals. Furthermore, text can impact a user’s emotional state and shape their opinion about the product, brand, or company.
```
